Update self-hosted to clarify the enterprise plan requirements (#514)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/routing/self-hosted.mdx

> ⚠️ **Important:** If you're just getting started with GraphOS, instead [create a cloud supergraph](../quickstart/cloud/).
>

> > Self-hosted supergraphs are for organizations with advanced performance or compliance requirements and require and Enterprise plan to connect to GraphOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Self-hosted supergraphs are for organizations with advanced performance or compliance requirements. Connecting them to GraphOS requires an [Enterprise plan](/graphos/enterprise/).
```
